# # CreateChatCompletionRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**metadata** | **array<string,string>** | Set of 16 key-value pairs that can be attached to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format, and querying for objects via API or the dashboard.   Keys are strings with a maximum length of 64 characters. Values are strings with a maximum length of 512 characters. | [optional]
**temperature** | **float** | What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic. We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;top_p&#x60; but not both. | [optional] [default to 1]
**top_p** | **float** | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered.  We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;temperature&#x60; but not both. | [optional] [default to 1]
**user** | **string** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. [Learn more](/docs/guides/safety-best-practices#end-user-ids). | [optional]
**messages** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\ChatCompletionRequestMessage[]**](ChatCompletionRequestMessage.md) | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. Depending on the [model](/docs/models) you use, different message types (modalities) are supported, like [text](/docs/guides/text-generation), [images](/docs/guides/vision), and [audio](/docs/guides/audio). |
**model** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\ModelIdsShared**](ModelIdsShared.md) |  |
**modalities** | **string[]** | Output types that you would like the model to generate. Most models are capable of generating text, which is the default:  &#x60;[\&quot;text\&quot;]&#x60;  The &#x60;gpt-4o-audio-preview&#x60; model can also be used to  [generate audio](/docs/guides/audio). To request that this model generate  both text and audio responses, you can use:  &#x60;[\&quot;text\&quot;, \&quot;audio\&quot;]&#x60; | [optional]
**reasoning_effort** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\ReasoningEffort**](ReasoningEffort.md) |  | [optional]
**max_completion_tokens** | **int** | An upper bound for the number of tokens that can be generated for a completion, including visible output tokens and [reasoning tokens](/docs/guides/reasoning). | [optional]
**frequency_penalty** | **float** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model&#39;s likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim. | [optional] [default to 0]
**presence_penalty** | **float** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model&#39;s likelihood to talk about new topics. | [optional] [default to 0]
**web_search_options** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\WebSearch**](WebSearch.md) |  | [optional]
**top_logprobs** | **int** | An integer between 0 and 20 specifying the number of most likely tokens to return at each token position, each with an associated log probability. &#x60;logprobs&#x60; must be set to &#x60;true&#x60; if this parameter is used. | [optional]
**response_format** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\CreateChatCompletionRequestAllOfResponseFormat**](CreateChatCompletionRequestAllOfResponseFormat.md) |  | [optional]
**service_tier** | **string** | Specifies the latency tier to use for processing the request. This parameter is relevant for customers subscribed to the scale tier service:   - If set to &#39;auto&#39;, and the Project is Scale tier enabled, the system     will utilize scale tier credits until they are exhausted.   - If set to &#39;auto&#39;, and the Project is not Scale tier enabled, the request will be processed using the default service tier with a lower uptime SLA and no latency guarentee.   - If set to &#39;default&#39;, the request will be processed using the default service tier with a lower uptime SLA and no latency guarentee.   - When not set, the default behavior is &#39;auto&#39;.    When this parameter is set, the response body will include the &#x60;service_tier&#x60; utilized. | [optional] [default to 'auto']
**audio** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\CreateChatCompletionRequestAllOfAudio**](CreateChatCompletionRequestAllOfAudio.md) |  | [optional]
**store** | **bool** | Whether or not to store the output of this chat completion request for  use in our [model distillation](/docs/guides/distillation) or [evals](/docs/guides/evals) products. | [optional] [default to false]
**stream** | **bool** | If set to true, the model response data will be streamed to the client as it is generated using [server-sent events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#Event_stream_format). See the [Streaming section below](/docs/api-reference/chat/streaming) for more information, along with the [streaming responses](/docs/guides/streaming-responses) guide for more information on how to handle the streaming events. | [optional] [default to false]
**stop** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\StopConfiguration**](StopConfiguration.md) |  | [optional]
**logit_bias** | **array<string,int>** | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion.  Accepts a JSON object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token. | [optional]
**logprobs** | **bool** | Whether to return log probabilities of the output tokens or not. If true, returns the log probabilities of each output token returned in the &#x60;content&#x60; of &#x60;message&#x60;. | [optional] [default to false]
**max_tokens** | **int** | The maximum number of [tokens](/tokenizer) that can be generated in the chat completion. This value can be used to control [costs](https://openai.com/api/pricing/) for text generated via API.  This value is now deprecated in favor of &#x60;max_completion_tokens&#x60;, and is not compatible with [o1 series models](/docs/guides/reasoning). | [optional]
**n** | **int** | How many chat completion choices to generate for each input message. Note that you will be charged based on the number of generated tokens across all of the choices. Keep &#x60;n&#x60; as &#x60;1&#x60; to minimize costs. | [optional] [default to 1]
**prediction** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\CreateChatCompletionRequestAllOfPrediction**](CreateChatCompletionRequestAllOfPrediction.md) |  | [optional]
**seed** | **int** | This feature is in Beta. If specified, our system will make a best effort to sample deterministically, such that repeated requests with the same &#x60;seed&#x60; and parameters should return the same result. Determinism is not guaranteed, and you should refer to the &#x60;system_fingerprint&#x60; response parameter to monitor changes in the backend. | [optional]
**stream_options** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\ChatCompletionStreamOptions**](ChatCompletionStreamOptions.md) |  | [optional]
**tools** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\ChatCompletionTool[]**](ChatCompletionTool.md) | A list of tools the model may call. Currently, only functions are supported as a tool. Use this to provide a list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for. A max of 128 functions are supported. | [optional]
**tool_choice** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption**](ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption.md) |  | [optional]
**parallel_tool_calls** | **bool** | Whether to enable [parallel function calling](/docs/guides/function-calling#configuring-parallel-function-calling) during tool use. | [optional] [default to true]
**function_call** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\CreateChatCompletionRequestAllOfFunctionCall**](CreateChatCompletionRequestAllOfFunctionCall.md) |  | [optional]
**functions** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\ChatCompletionFunctions[]**](ChatCompletionFunctions.md) | Deprecated in favor of &#x60;tools&#x60;.  A list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
