# # RealtimeResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **string** | The unique ID of the response. | [optional]
**object** | **string** | The object type, must be &#x60;realtime.response&#x60;. | [optional]
**status** | **string** | The final status of the response (&#x60;completed&#x60;, &#x60;cancelled&#x60;, &#x60;failed&#x60;, or  &#x60;incomplete&#x60;). | [optional]
**status_details** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\RealtimeResponseStatusDetails**](RealtimeResponseStatusDetails.md) |  | [optional]
**output** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\RealtimeConversationItem[]**](RealtimeConversationItem.md) | The list of output items generated by the response. | [optional]
**metadata** | **array<string,string>** | Set of 16 key-value pairs that can be attached to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format, and querying for objects via API or the dashboard.   Keys are strings with a maximum length of 64 characters. Values are strings with a maximum length of 512 characters. | [optional]
**usage** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\RealtimeResponseUsage**](RealtimeResponseUsage.md) |  | [optional]
**conversation_id** | **string** | Which conversation the response is added to, determined by the &#x60;conversation&#x60; field in the &#x60;response.create&#x60; event. If &#x60;auto&#x60;, the response will be added to the default conversation and the value of &#x60;conversation_id&#x60; will be an id like &#x60;conv_1234&#x60;. If &#x60;none&#x60;, the response will not be added to any conversation and the value of &#x60;conversation_id&#x60; will be &#x60;null&#x60;. If responses are being triggered by server VAD, the response will be added to the default conversation, thus the &#x60;conversation_id&#x60; will be an id like &#x60;conv_1234&#x60;. | [optional]
**voice** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\VoiceIdsShared**](VoiceIdsShared.md) |  | [optional]
**modalities** | **string[]** | The set of modalities the model used to respond. If there are multiple modalities, the model will pick one, for example if &#x60;modalities&#x60; is &#x60;[\&quot;text\&quot;, \&quot;audio\&quot;]&#x60;, the model could be responding in either text or audio. | [optional]
**output_audio_format** | **string** | The format of output audio. Options are &#x60;pcm16&#x60;, &#x60;g711_ulaw&#x60;, or &#x60;g711_alaw&#x60;. | [optional]
**temperature** | **float** | Sampling temperature for the model, limited to [0.6, 1.2]. Defaults to 0.8. | [optional]
**max_output_tokens** | [**\JeedomOpenAI\Model\RealtimeResponseMaxOutputTokens**](RealtimeResponseMaxOutputTokens.md) |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
